She's fully recovered.
El Condor Pasa
The world was right in front of my eyes…
I need to run even faster.
I need to do more!
Go!
You can do it!
She's got real drive.
I need to do more, too.
Suzuka, we should run, too.
Yeah!
If you want that Dream Trophy,
then the whole team has to win.
We've practiced and have the will.
Don't lose to Rigil!
Right!
All right. Spe, you have the Kyoto Daishoten,
which is a bellwether for the fall races.
Show everyone what Spica's made of out there!
Right!
Team Spica, let's do this!
Yeah!
You're in the way!
It's one of Team Spica's members to watch!
Special Week is entering the course.
Special Week's body seems much sturdier now.
We have the Fall Tennoushou coming up,
so it'll be interesting to see what happens.
Special Week is at her peak.
If I keep an eye on her, I'll win.
I can do this!
Special Week seems bigger.
She's got a different aura to her!
I'm not going to hesitate any longer.
I'm going to show them how hard I've trained!
Special Week has come in 7th!
A complete defeat!
T.M. Opera O has come in 3rd!
I picked the wrong person to follow!
Why?!
Do you hear the fanfare as
we race towards the finish?
I want to see that shining future with you
Umamusume
Pretty Derby
If we just start to run, that's
where our story will begin
It's always waiting right in front of us
If you reach out just a little
more, we can seize that glory
Aim for the top, challenge
them all, and it's off to the races
Even the goddess of victory will be dazzled
By your big debut that's just around the bend
So can you hear the fanfare
as we race towards the finish?
I want to see that shining future with you
Let's overtake them all! It's
a track laid out just for you!
Your dreams are at the finish if you believe
Race 10
No Matter How Many Times I Lose
El, welcome back.
You were so close during that race.
It was close, but second is still second.
I'm going to start training right away
so that I can get first next time!
Spe-chan!
El-chan!
I just got back!
Welcome back.
I saw the Kyoto Daishoten on TV.
Don't get depressed about coming in 7th.
Everyone has off days.
Sometimes, nothing goes the way you want.
Hmm? You seem bigger than before.
El, stop kicking Spe-chan
while she's down.
Sorry about that.
Anyway, let's go.
Yep, I'm definitely back in Japan!
Spe, it doesn't help to think about
things that have already happened.
The Fall Tennoushou is next.
I have the Japan Cup in my sights after that.
The Fall Tennoushou…
That's right. It's the race
Suzuka got hurt in last year.
I can't lose that.
Trainer, what are we doing today?
Bring whatever you've got!
You guys are getting way too worked up.
Don't wear yourselves out.
Especially you, Spe!
R-Right.
Your last race didn't end well because
you didn't cool down properly.
Were you training in secret?
Uh? Well…
I've decided!
You guys are getting some rest!
That means you, Spe.
Until the next Tennoushou…
Oh, yeah.
How about you head home for a bit?
Huh?
You never went home for New Year's, did you?
I-I'm heading home?
I'm back…
Welcome back.
Mom, I'm home!
Get in.
I haven't been able to race with you lately.
I'm gonna run!
Nope.
Why?!
Hey, why?
You're supposed to be resting.
Are you and my trainer ganging up on me?
You can't run while you're here.
What?!
What's wrong with running for a little bit?
Hey! What's wrong with that?!
So, I'll be taking a break as well.
That's a coincidence.
Mejiro
Ryan​
Dober
All the three of us are
on break at the same time.
It's nice to have all the
Mejiros in one place.
Ryan, you're too laid back about this.
It's not that easy to
stay in proper condition.
I can't embarrass the Mejiro family name
when I race with Team
Spica once the break is over.
Hmm? What's wrong?
McQueen, you've changed.
Until not too long ago, you wouldn't have
minded us all getting a little rowdy.
Someone taught me that sometimes changing
can bring about positive results.
Wow.
Now you only need to change how you
get way too intense about sweets.
My.
Forget about that!
I'm going to be extremely upset if you
tell grandmother about that!
You gotta take it!
Karaoke
Somewhere else? Nope,
it's happening right here!
You gotta take it! Somewhere else?
Nope, it's happening right here!
Step it!
Prez!
You really came?
I really came? You seem just fine.
You made it sound like you were depressed.
Tokai Teio
Hey, Prez…
I don't know what to do…
Maybe if I talked to you in person…
Actually, never mind
What's the matter?
Ughh…
I think I'm done…
Can you come to karaoke?
Do you want me to meet you there?
Yeah!
Yeah…
You wouldn't have come unless I did that.
Sorry for lying to you!
But I really wanted to show you something.
Take a look!
Hmm?
My song?
I really practiced.
I want to look good for my team out there.
Well, I guess you're growing.
Did you say something?
It's nothing.
You get one song, 'kay?
I wanted something for winter.
Why are we looking at race shoes?
Why shouldn't we?
I want something nice.
Then just go home.
What was that? Then why don't—
Biwa Hayahide
Narita Brian
It's been a while since we've
gone shopping together.
I guess it's nice for a change.
Wait up…
It's Biwa Hayahide-senpai!
Narita Brian-senpai is with her, too.
You can tell they're strong
just by looking at them.
Why did you want to come here today?
I wanted to think about running
with my elder sister someday.
You can call yourself strong
when you beat someone
who you fully understand and
who fully understands you.
I agree.
It makes sense to start preparing
now for any future bouts.
You always like to make
yourself sound smart, huh?
What are you talking about?!
Someone you understand
that also understands you…
And if you beat them, you're truly strong.
Hmph!
I'm getting these shoes!
Then I'm getting these!
I need to get back into
the groove with racing.
Why are you out of breath?
You get caught peeking in the changing
room and had to run away?
The Open Special one and
a half months from now
is going to be your comeback race, Suzuka!
What?
Really?!
I'm going to race?
That's great, Suzuka!
You should be happier!
Finally, huh?
It hasn't been officially announced yet,
so don't tell anyone.
Okay! No problem!
No problem at all!
Everyone's going to find out now.
All right, Suzuka.
Let's do what you need to do for this race!
Right.
In a race, you'll need a
strategy to handle the turns.
Let's train with a real race in mind,
so we can handle that.
It's almost time for dinner.
Don't keep pouting forever.
I made your favorite, carrot Salisbury steak.
What's wrong with running for a little bit?!
Spe, it's ready.
Spe?
These are…
Whenever a letter comes from you,
I read it with your other mother.
It makes us twice as happy.
What's this?
Satsukishou Competitors Announced!
Japanese Derby
But She Freezes Pathetically…
She kept all of it.
Spe, do you remember this?
Become the Best in Japan,
Special Week
You were like a little kid back then,
but you've worked really hard.
I don't know if I can
become the best in Japan,
but my trainer is going to let me
race in the Tennoushou and Japan Cup.
You don't have to push yourself.
Anyway, let's eat.
Okay.
Umamusume
Pretty Derby
Really?!
It's all decided, then?
It's the Open Special, but yeah.
When is it?!
Silence Suzuka
Comeback Race Announced!!
The day before your Japan Cup race.
I'll be cheering you on!
Everyone in Spica is doing great,
I have to do well, too.
All my fans, watch me in my Winning Concert!
Time to show you what I'm made of!
I'm not letting Vodka
hog the spotlight!
I won't allow any shame
to come to the Mejiro family,
and I'll bring honor to Spica!
All right…
Team Spica!
We're doing great!
Suzuka-san
Spe-chan, let's talk lots when you get back.
Okay!
I'm happy for you, Suzuka-san.
Let me sit next to you.
The stars out here are beautiful,
but the glow sticks everyone holds up after
you take first are beautiful, too.
Then I hope you'll be able
to come in first again.
What's this?
Open it.
Be the Best in Japan
A horseshoe?
I made that myself.
What?
Take a close look.
Be the Best in Japan
Be the best in Japan…
Will you use it?
Yeah!
I'll use it in the upcoming Tennoushou!
Mom…
What is it?
I'm happy.
Hmm?
I'm happy that I have two moms.
I'm happy that I get to
be your mom, too, Spe.
I'm going to be the best in
Japan with this horseshoe!
Then go run your heart out.
Yeah!
Potato Snacks
Ikura
How was Hokkaido?
I'm all rested up!
Trainer-san!
Let's go train right now!
Guess she's back to the way she
originally was after going home.
That's Spe-chan for you.
There's not much time until the Tennoushou.
We're going to get you ready!
Right!
It's all ready, Suzuka-san!
"Be the best in Japan."
That's what you said you wanted to do
when you joined the team, right, Spe-chan?
Yeah,
but back then, I just wanted
to make my mom happy.
That's not the case now?
I still want to make my mom happy.
But not just her. I want our trainer
and everyone on our team to be happy.
But most of all…
I want you to be happy, Suzuka-san.
I'm going to win the Tennoushou
and the Japan Cup.
I'll have people call me the
best horse girl in Japan.
And then I'm going to race with you.
Then I'm going to beat you.
I don't just want to keep chasing after you.
I want to be next to you.
Me, too.
Huh?
I'm going to win my comeback race,
win some big races,
and then I'm going to America.
I'm not going to give up.
That was my dream.
I'm going to become a horse girl that gives
everyone in the world something to dream of.
Yeah.
When my dream comes true, Spe-chan…
Let's settle this…
…as rivals.
Right! It's a promise!
Tennoushou Fall
It's been one year since the tragedy.
The time this year for the
fall Tennoushou has come.
Special Week will be running for Team Spica.
After coming in 7th,
she's not as much of a
favorite this time around.
Seiun Sky won the Sapporo Kinen,
so most eyes will be on her.
I don't like tight spaces.
King Halo
Hurry up and get in.
Her weight is the same as in the Derby.
We tightened things up well.
I'm counting on you.
Trainer-san, where's Suzuka-san?
Suzuka's not coming.
What? Even though Spe-chan is racing?!
She said she's Spe's rival, so she
has other things she needs to do.
Seiun Sky has finally entered the gates.
For the honor of the plaque…
Let the fall Tennoushou…
…begin!
Go, Spe!
I need to get to the front quickly.
King Halo,
and Seiun Sky behind her,
are in the middle of the pack.
I wonder how Spe-chan will make her move.
Special Week is in the rear.
When will she make her move?
They've made the fourth turn!
She's still in the rear!
Is Special Week okay?
They've entered the last stretch!
I can do this!
They're all making their move!
Everyone's up front, so it's hard to run.
But…
Then go run your heart out.
I'm going to run my heart out!
Senpai!
She's fast!
It's the hill!
Get up there!
I'm still going to win…
Seiun Sky is fighting to keep up!
Will she manage to get back
ahead of Special Week?
We're under 200 meters now!
She's fast, but I'm not done!
Special Week is making her way up!
I don't want to lose.
No matter how many times I lose…
No matter how frustrated I get…
I want to win!
Go, Special Week!
I want to…
…win!
Special Week!
Special Week is in the lead!
Tennoushou Fall
Special Week easily comes in first!
We did it!
Special Week has set a new record!
She's made a magnificent comeback!
We're expecting a lot from
her at the next Japan Cup!
Wow, a record!
Good job!
We have to work hard, too.
You did well, Spe.
Spe-chan's gotten faster.
Yeah.
You seem kind of happy.
The stronger my rivals,
the stronger I become.
That's right.
In a dash, in a flash,
just a little more now,
each new race like a dream neverending
Every one of us will blaze a
trail aimed right for the stars
Together we'll run! Let's
go! Our starting gate!
With curiosity in hand, go tug
on tomorrow's tail and say hello
It's right there, so go on and close
the gap now (Right here and now!)
Can't play by the rules they tell
you! Gotta learn it all by experience!
If we just plan to run for the
end, everything will turn out okay!
Can't get me down,
hesitate, or go too slowly!
We know that deep in our hearts is a song
that sings "give it your all"! Make it shine!
In a dash, in a flash, just a
little more now, (Dash! Dash!)
every step like the wind
neverending (Zoom! Zoom!)
A twinkling star that we wear
on our sleeves (But only one!)
Let's let our hearts race
together as one! (Grow up! Shine!)
One more step, one more push,
just a little more now, (Dash! Dash!)
each new race like a dream
neverending (Zoom! Zoom!)
Every one of us will see
our path to the very end!
Let's run now, everyone!
Let's go! Our starting gate!